---
layout: post
title:  "Homework Policies"
date:   2015-05-10 11:07:57
categories: logistics
---

* **All assignments are due at 7am before class begins.**[^due]
* **No assignments should include copy and pasted code.**[^copy]
* **No assignments should include code lifted or 'borrowed' from someone else without proper citation and licensing.**[^lift]
* **Incomplete homework is better than late homework.**[^incomplete]
* **Late homework is better than no homework.**[^late]
* **Asking for clarity or help on assignments is encouraged.**[^help]
* **Turning in code that you do not understand is discouraged and should be noted so we can address those issues.**[^understanding]

[^due]: _Why?_ So I can review it before class.
[^copy]: _Why?_ You don't get a prize for completed homework. The completed homework here is your growth as a developer. Not working code, necessarily. The priority is your work.
[^lift]: _Why?_ Ruby and Rails are built on open source and we should strive to be good members of the community. More than that: You need to know where things come from. And I need to know what's your's and what's somebody else's.
[^incomplete]: _Why?_ Again: the homework exists to make you a better developer, not to make new widgets, necessarily. To be frank, there will probably be some homework assignments that I fully expect won't be completed in time, but it's important that we have some code to review - so we can learn.
[^late]: _Why?_ See the previous. But more than that: You become a developer _by doing the work_. So, more than anything: _do the work_.
[^help]: _Why?_ We're here to learn, not beat our heads against the wall (too much). If you get stuck, speak up.
[^understanding]: _Why?_ More than syntax, we're trying to teach you how to _think_ like a developer. On a practical basis: I will ask you to explain your code from time to time and at any time.
